feat(cloudfront): mutual TLS (#36245)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-cloudfront/README.md

containing CA certificates and configure the `viewerMtlsConfig` property.

**Note:** mTLS requires HTTPS. Use `ViewerProtocolPolicy.HTTPS_ONLY` or `ViewerProtocolPolicy.REDIRECT_TO_HTTPS`.
**Note:** mTLS is not supported with HTTP/3. You cannot use `HttpVersion.HTTP3` or `HttpVersion.HTTP2_AND_3` with mTLS.

```ts
declare const bucket: s3.Bucket;
declare const certsBucket: s3.Bucket;

const trustStore = new cloudfront.TrustStore(this, 'TrustStore', {
  caCertificatesBundleS3Location: {
    bucket: certsBucket,
    key: 'ca-bundle.pem',
  },
});

new cloudfront.Distribution(this, 'Dist', {
  defaultBehavior: {
    origin: origins.S3BucketOrigin.withOriginAccessControl(bucket),
    // You have to use HTTPS for mTLS
    viewerProtocolPolicy: cloudfront.ViewerProtocolPolicy.HTTPS_ONLY,
  },
  viewerMtlsConfig: {
    mode: cloudfront.MtlsMode.REQUIRED, // or MtlsMode.OPTIONAL to allow requests without certificates
    trustStore: trustStore,
    // Optional: advertise CA names during TLS handshake
    advertiseTrustStoreCaNames: true,
    // Optional: accept expired certificates (use with caution)
    ignoreCertificateExpiry: false,
  },
});
```

> See [Configuring mutual TLS authentication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-mutual-tls.html) in the CloudFront User Guide.

Author: ```suggestion
See [Configuring mutual TLS authentication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/mtls-authentication.html) in the CloudFront User Guide.
```
